---
layout: post
title:  "Why I Decided to Document My Thoughts"
date:   2020-11-5 09:29:20 +0700
categories: Life
---
You might be wondering, why did I recently develop this urge to write a bunch of stuff and post it for everyone to see. To be honest, I don’t know myself. What I write over here could literally have no meaning to you. All I do is transcribe my thoughts from my head to this platform. I don’t even read my drafts sometimes, I just post them. For me, it’s not so much about the style of writing, it’s more about the content (even if my sentence structure may not be grammatically correct). 

I remember, someone said something to me once about documenting their thoughts. Our brain is a very complicated system and like a lot of complicated systems, it’s handling a lot of information at the same time. Often times, our brain gets clogged up with random ideas that God knows where we got from. It’s helpful to empty out our brain once in a while (or at least provide the illusion of emptying it out). Previously, I would just talk to myself sometimes to do this. I could do it for hours. As Michael Scott once said, “Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way.” That pretty much sums it up. 

I never know where these short blurbs are going to end up. I just hope in the end, I’ll have something that I can look back to in the future and contrast it with my future thinking and ideologies. 

So, if you want a glimpse of what goes on in my head, feel free to keep reading! If not, I totally understand. Sometimes, I even don’t like what’s going on in my head LMAO. 
